Update documentation index page and navigation structure (#2969)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/htmldoc/index.rst

NEST Simulator documentation
============================

Welcome!
--------

.. grid::

  .. grid-item::

    NEST is used in computational neuroscience to model and study behavior of large networks of neurons.

    The models describe single neuron and synapse behavior and their connections.

>     Different mechanisms of plasticity can be used to investigate artificial learning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Different models of plasticity can be used to investigate the mechanisms learning
```
possibly, this is a "standard text" paragraph and edits should go in somewhere upstream instead?

    NEST offers convenient and efficient commands to define and connect large networks,
    ranging from algorithmically determined connections to data-driven connectivity.
    Create connections between neurons using numerous synapse models from STDP to gap junctions.

    .. button-ref:: tutorials_guides
       :ref-type: ref
       :shadow:
       :color: primary

       Get started with NEST

  .. grid-item::

     .. grid:: 1 1 1 1
       :gutter: 2

       .. grid-item-card::

          .. carousel::
              :show_controls:
              :show_fade:
              :data-bs-ride: carousel

                .. figure:: static/img/pong_sim.gif

                  Play PONG with NEST

                .. figure:: static/img/pynest/spatial_test3d.png

                  Create 3D spatially structured networks

                .. figure:: static/img/astrocyte_tripartite.png

                  Investigate neuron and astrocyte interactions

       .. grid-item::

          .. button-ref:: pynest_examples
             :ref-type: ref
             :color: info
             :align: center
             :shadow:

             Click here to discover all our examples!

----

> Conceptual approach

Reviewer: I would vote to remove this paragraph and the imagemap figure.
